Okay, so, um, I want you to test this thing very well. Like, you do a quick test yourself, and you'll see that there's still some things wrong with it. You get me? Do some testing yourself. It's trying, but, you know, there are some pictures that have another method or something, but it's not, it's not really perfect. I need you to che-- try that watermark. I want you to work on the watermark. We'll, we'll work on those other ones later. It's the watermark that I want you to work on. You get me? Work on the wa-- um, watermark first. You get me? I'm talking-- I'm just talking about watermark, not just any... Just for the watermark, you know, is the main thing, you know? Because, you know, there are some photos that the background is not really, like, removing somebody's hair or... I do-- It's just watermark remover, especially when I, I create video with AI now. You get me? I create video with AI now, and I see that it is not, um... The watermark remover thing is not really working perfectly. So I don't know. That is part of it. I don't know. It's just not really working. Just check it very well because especially the videos and the image, because, you know, when the watermark works, I'm seeing, like, blurry... It's not really perfect. I want it to just be invisible, if you get me. You get me? Just invisible, the watermark, where it's supposed to be. But there are some pictures that, you know, like, moving the hair of somebody or something. It doesn't really make sense, um, if you look at it in a way, you get me? Just watermarks. You know, watermarks are mostly at the bottom, bottom right corner. You know, just... Or, you know, there are some watermarks that just fill the screen, like, you know, watermark, you know, those type of thing. So yeah. And watermarks are supposed to be like ash. You get me? Watermarks are supposed to be like ash, ash color. You know what I mean by ash, right? Like, they are still visible. You know, they can-- you can still see the video itself, but the watermark will be there. You get me? The watermark will be there. So if you just download, I just need to remove, not like remove a fan from a picture or remove a car from a picture. No. That is not what the app does, so you get me?

If you want to edit, don't change those ones that are not necessary. I don't want you to destroy the code. Because if I see that the code is not what I want, then I'll just quickly tell you to reverse it back. You get me? I don't want you to complicate code. The code is-- It looks okay. It's still okay. It's still fair. But there are some things that, you know, that are wrong with it, so I'm just saying. So don't destroy because it is a much smarter model that did, that did it to the ex- to this extent. So I don't want you to... I want you to understand the code interface. If you see any, anything that is not, you know, looking good, then you can now update it to make it, you know, look okay. But if it's something that is, that you want to change completely or, you know, use another method, okay, if it works. But if it doesn't work, you have to reverse it. I will tell you to reverse it if I see that it's not... And maybe you should test itself. Maybe, I don't know if you can s- get screenshot, but you should test it.